cleanup Context Path documentation (#1298)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/production.md

- Configure Let's Encrypt: `certbot --apache -d <your-domain.com> --agree-tos -m <your-email> --redirect`
- Configure auto-renewal of SSL certificates: add `10 3 * * * /usr/bin/certbot renew --quiet` in your crontab

### Custom Context Path

> You can specify a context-path at spring-boot backends using a runtime option like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a context path for your Spring Boot backend by passing in a `server.servlet.context-path` parameter and value:
```

```bash
java -jar jhipster.jar --server.servlet.context-path=/jhipster/
```

> Or appending to application.yml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can add this configuration to `application.yml`:
```

```
---
server:
  servlet:
    context-path: /jhipster/
```

> At frontend bundlers context-path is a build-time configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For frontend bundlers, the context path is a build-time configuration.
```

> At **Angular** frontends can be configured using:
> - `angular.json` at `projects -> * your project name -> architect -> build -> options -> baseHref : '/jhipster/'`
> - `ng build --base-href '/jhipster/'`
> - [APP_BASE_HREF](https://angular.io/api/common/APP_BASE_HREF)
> 
> At **Webpack based** frontends you can configure using:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Angular** frontends can be configured using:
- `angular.json`: `projects -> * your project name -> architect -> build -> options -> baseHref : '/jhipster/'`
- `ng build --base-href '/jhipster/'`
- Use [APP_BASE_HREF](https://angular.io/api/common/APP_BASE_HREF)

For **Webpack-based** frontends, you can configure using:

```

- Webpack configuration file:
```
new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
    ...
    base: '/jhipster/'
})
```

> Others adjusts may be necessary like configuring your development server and adjust iframes pages like swagger-ui
> 
> **Please note** that using a relative base path like `./` is possible but you must adjust others configurations to be compatible with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Others modifications may be necessary, like configuring your development server and adjusting iframes in pages like swagger-ui.

**Please note** that using a relative base path like `./` is possible, but you must adjust other configurations to be compatible with it.
```
